Updated section on personal data (#2810)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/project-design/sdp/personal.md

[“Data related to the deceased are not considered personal data in most cases under the GDPR.”](https://gdpr.eu/eu-gdpr-personal-data/) 

##### Direct identifiers

> ["A person is directly identifiable if it’s possible to identify them using nothing but information (identifiers) at hand, controlled and processed, without introducing additional data from external sources (e.g. first and last name)."](https://infranet.hr/infranet-blog/direct-identification-of-an-individual-using-personal-data/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
["A person is directly identifiable if it’s possible to identify them using nothing but information (identifiers) at hand, controlled and processed, without introducing additional data from external sources (such as first and last name)."](https://infranet.hr/infranet-blog/direct-identification-of-an-individual-using-personal-data/)
```

Reviewer: Following our [style guide](https://deploy-preview-2580--the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/style.html#avoid-latin-abbreviation), we spell out these words because they're not screen reader friendly. For example, e.g. is read as egg.

The information would particularly include, but not limited to:
* date of birth
* place/city of birth
* names of the parents
* photograph of the face

> The set of attributes would clearly be able to identify the individuals by means of their common traits (like their name, address, etc.) and distinguishable or unique traits (like eye colour, hair colour, height, etc.), even depending on certain contexts (like membership information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set of attributes would clearly be able to identify the individuals by means of their common traits (like their name, address, etc.) and distinguishable or unique traits (like eye colour, hair colour, height), even depending on certain contexts (like membership information).
```

> The set of attributes would clearly be able to identify the individuals by means of their common traits (like their name, address, etc.) and distinguishable or unique traits (like eye colour, hair colour, height, etc.), even depending on certain contexts (like membership information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set of attributes would clearly be able to identify the individuals by means of their common traits (like their name, address, etc.) and distinguishable or unique traits (like eye colour, hair colour, height), even depending on certain contexts (like membership information).
```

> The set of attributes would clearly be able to identify the individuals by means of their common traits (like their name, address, etc.) and distinguishable or unique traits (like eye colour, hair colour, height, etc.), even depending on certain contexts (like membership information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set of attributes would clearly be able to identify the individuals by means of their common traits (like their name, address) and distinguishable or unique traits (like eye colour, hair colour, height, etc.), even depending on certain contexts (like membership information).
```
